hi folks Danny Bollinger here Robinson
motors and Conover North Carolina our
phone number is eight two eight four six
four eight seven six zero you can find
us on the web at www.awesomedr.com today
folks we have to feature 2004 Volkswagen
Golf TDI that's right turbo diesel so
jewel is a 2004 GLS with the roof it has
real good Bridgestone tires on it we
just serviced the car and inspected it
it appears to be ready to go for runs
and drives great looks really nice all
the body lines line up doesn't appear to
have ever been in any trouble we're
asking 8990 for this old Ford Volkswagen
Golf TDI fire one fire door locks again
it is GLS so it has the roof it is an
automatic 53 miles to the gallon that's
where we're at
that's what we're trying to get to
that's what's important with us diesel
will get up well by all these deals that
we can find we also have a 2003
volkswagen jetta diesel
the engine on this car is very quiet
this hidden it is available then I have
a little more
super nice little car those hits the
road great folks once again don't take
our word for put on your mouse and get
out of the house come see Danny
Bollinger buy your next car